# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 10/25, 8:00pm<br> 
**Meeting Purpose:** Action Items Update<br>
**Meeting Location:** Discord <br>

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Abram
- Andrew J
- Andrew K
- Ethan
- John
- Joy
- Nash

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Agenda Item 1 | New Action Items 


## Discussion Items
Item | Notes |
---- | ---- | 
Actions | Progress update - New, Finished, and any issues |
|


## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | 
| ---- | ---- | ---- | 
| Done | Visual design |Abram |  
| In process | Visual direction overhaul | Abram |
| In process | Inventory infrastructure | Andrew J | 
| In process | Inventory GUI | Andrew J | 
| In process | Player Movement | Andrew K | 
| Done | Enemy AI and Bullethell engine | Ethan | 
| In Process | Enemy projectiles WIP | Ethan |
| Done | Writing some initial tests | John | 
| In process | Creating some basic test based on enemy projectile | John |
| In process | Stats System | Joy | 
| In process | Writing some initial tests | Nash |  


## Other Notes & Information
- Discussed the start of merging branches in the next week or two.
